README.md, before:

# insulin-engine
Naive implementation of insulin and blood glucose interaction, for educational purposes.

View the running engine implementation at https://magikcraft.github.io/insulin-engine/

Pull Requests and feedback via Github issues are welcome!

This engine integrates with a Minecraft plugin to provide a Virtual Reality experience of living with [Type 1 Diabetes](https://www.diabetesaustralia.com.au/type-1-diabetes) for newly diagnosed children and families to understand the interaction of carbs, insulin, and Blood Glucose Levels; to experience community with others living with the condition; and for their friends and communities to understand what they live with and how to support them.

Project adviser [Scott Hanselman](http://www.hanselman.com/) is a software developer, Type 1 Diabetic, and activist. In this video Scott describes what it is like to live with Type 1 Diabetes:

[![Scott Hanselman on Type 1 Diabetes](https://img.youtube.com/vi/jsxFbDIvQRw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsxFbDIvQRw target="_blank")

If you are a parent of a child diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes in Queensland, join the [TOPIQ (Type One Parents In Queensland) Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/TOPIQ/) for a supportive community.

This project was initiated as a [Landmark Self-Expression and Leadership Program](http://www.landmarkworldwide.com/advanced-programs/self-expression-and-leadership-program) project using the structures and coaching of the program, and is empowered by developers from [Magikcraft](http://www.magikcraft.io), with the support of [Diabetes Queensland](http://www.diabetesqld.org.au/).

For more information on Type 1 Diabetes initiatives by technology teams around the world, see the [#WeAreNotWaiting hashtag on Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23WeAreNotWaiting&src=typd).

Commit message:

Update README.md with Slack Team deets

README.md, after:

# insulin-engine
Naive implementation of insulin and blood glucose interaction, for educational purposes.

View the running engine implementation at https://magikcraft.github.io/insulin-engine/

Pull Requests and feedback via Github issues are welcome! You can also discuss the project on the Magikcraft School of Magik Slack #mct1 channel. Join the Slack team via [this page](http://slack.magikcraft.io).

This engine integrates with a Minecraft plugin to provide a Virtual Reality experience of living with [Type 1 Diabetes](https://www.diabetesaustralia.com.au/type-1-diabetes) for newly diagnosed children and families to understand the interaction of carbs, insulin, and Blood Glucose Levels; to experience community with others living with the condition; and for their friends and communities to understand what they live with and how to support them.

Project adviser [Scott Hanselman](http://www.hanselman.com/) is a software developer, Type 1 Diabetic, and activist. In this video Scott describes what it is like to live with Type 1 Diabetes:

[![Scott Hanselman on Type 1 Diabetes](https://img.youtube.com/vi/jsxFbDIvQRw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsxFbDIvQRw target="_blank")

If you are a parent of a child diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes in Queensland, join the [TOPIQ (Type One Parents In Queensland) Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/TOPIQ/) for a supportive community.

This project was initiated as a [Landmark Self-Expression and Leadership Program](http://www.landmarkworldwide.com/advanced-programs/self-expression-and-leadership-program) project using the structures and coaching of the program, and is empowered by developers from [Magikcraft](http://www.magikcraft.io), with the support of [Diabetes Queensland](http://www.diabetesqld.org.au/).

For more information on Type 1 Diabetes initiatives by technology teams around the world, see the [#WeAreNotWaiting hashtag on Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23WeAreNotWaiting&src=typd).
